## System Version

RevyOS version 20230511

## Desktop Environment Details

Added support for the GNOME desktop.

- Supports GNOME desktop.
- Supports xfce4 desktop.

## Supported Applications

- GIMP: 2.10.34 (2.10.34-1)
- VLC: 3.0.18 (3.0.18-2)
- Firefox: 111.0 (111.0-1revyos1)
- GNOME: 42.4 (pre-installed in the GNOME version)
- xfce4: 4.18 (pre-installed in the xfce version)
- Python3: 3.11.2 (3.11.2-1+b1)
- Go: 1.19.8 (1.19.8-2) [Not pre-installed]
- Rust: 1.65.0 (1.65.0+dfsg1-1~exp3) [Not pre-installed]
- GCC: 13 (13.1.0) [Not pre-installed]
- Chromium support is in progress and not yet available.

## Kernel Details

- Kernel version: 5.10.113 (5.10.113-gbb4691fe5572)
- Enabled options related to iotop.

## Hardware Details

- Maximum CPU frequency is 1.84Ghz.
- Supports HDMI output.
- Supports WIFI/BT module RTL8723DS.
- Added fan speed adjustment feature. The fan speed changes according to the CPU temperature.

## System Services

- Added a feature to check the version timestamp. Enter 'cat /etc/revyos-release' in the terminal to obtain it.
- Uses network-manager as the network manager.
- Comes pre-installed with systemd-timesyncd for NTP services, which can automatically sync the time when connected to the internet.

## Current Version Issues

- Due to hardware issues with the Bluetooth part of the Wifi/BT module, the system temporarily lacks Bluetooth support.
- There's a lag in displaying content input from the keyboard in the character interface terminal.
- Does not support 2K resolution.

## Resolved Issues
